Add missing information for workflow documentation (#148)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/user-guide/tracker.rst

For a given transition, you can select the people allowed to perform it
and actions exectued after the transition happens (if allowed).

Groups that may process the transition
```````````````````````````````````````

Once the transition is defined, you can refine who can make the
transition. To do this, click the "[details]" link next to the
transition. Then, select the group of users you allow to do the
transition (see `Define workflow transitions`_).

Fields and/or comment not empty
```````````````````````````````

> A tracker adminsitrator can defined a set a fields that must not be empty before processing a workflow transition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tracker administrator can define a set of fields that must not be empty before processing a workflow transition.
```

> This could also be done for followup comments (not for transitions based on new artifact because no followup can be define while creating an artifact).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This could also be done for followup comments (not for transitions based on new artifact because no followup can be defined while creating an artifact).
```

> This could also be done for followup comments (not for transitions based on new artifact because no followup can be defined while creating an artifact).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An administrator can also make adding a followup comment mandatory for a transition. Keep in mind that this condition can not be configured for transitions from "New artifact", as it is not possible to add a comment when creating a new artifact.
```

Reviewer 2: I consider long sentences in parentheses to be a sign that I have to split the sentence. I often write long sentences in parentheses too :).
What do you think about that suggestion ?

Post actions
````````````

You can define a list of actions after the execution of a transition. The available post actions are:

* Set a value to a date field
* Set a value to a float field
* Set a value to an integer field

> * Process a jenkins job by providing its URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Process a Jenkins job by providing its URL
```
